Build an Event Flyer Page

Build an app that is functionally similar to this example project. Try not to copy the example project, give it your own personal style.

Objective: Fulfill the user stories below and get all the tests to pass to complete the lab.

User Stories:

    You should have a header element within the body.
    Your header element should have an image in it for your event, and an h1 in it with your event title, in that order. You can use this image if you would like: https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/labs/event.jpg
    You should have a main element within the body.
    Your main element should have at least two section elements within it showcasing the event features.
    Your section elements each should have an h2 within them.
    Your body should have a top and bottom padding of 50px.
    Your body should have a top and bottom margin of 0, and a left and right margin that centers itself.
    Your body should have a width set relative to the width of the viewport.
    Your body should use the calc function to set its min-height property to 100% of the viewport's height minus all padding applied to the top and bottom of the body.
    You should have at least one hr within your flyer.
    You should set the width of all hr and section elements to a percent value relative to its parent.

Note: Be sure to link your stylesheet in your HTML and apply your CSS.

___
**BUTTONS**
___
Tests

Waiting: 1. You should have a header element within the body element.
Waiting: 2. You should have an img element as the first child in the header.
Waiting: 3. You should have an h1 element as the second child in the header.
Waiting: 4. You should only have one h1 element.
Waiting: 5. Your h1 should have the title of your event.
Waiting: 6. You should have a main element within the body element.
Waiting: 7. You should have at least two section elements within your main element.
Waiting: 8. Your section elements should each have an h2 within them.
Waiting: 9. Your h2 elements should not be empty.
Waiting: 10. Your body element should have a top and bottom padding of 50px.
Waiting: 11. Your body element should have a top and bottom margin of 0.
Waiting: 12. Your body element should have a left and right margin of auto.
Waiting: 13. Your body element should set its width using vw.
Waiting: 14. Your body should use calc to set its min-height to 100vh - 100px.
Waiting: 15. You should have at least one hr element.
Waiting: 16. The width of your hr elements should be set using a percent value.
Waiting: 17. The width of your section elements should be set using a percent value.